Document procedures and communication for L1/beta launches (#83)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/product/product_management/index.md

## Communications

Communications around feature roll-out are especially important, and are documented on[the rollout process](./rollout_process.md#communications) page.

> In general, product team members are empowered to communicate directly with customers, internal stakeholders, or anyone else. Sometimes it can be helpful to have someone review your communication before sending it, especially if it is going to a wide or unfamiliar audience. If you want, the Marketing and PR teams are available to help any time: simply ask in #marketing and someone will be happy to review your communication.

Reviewer: @jyavorska - I think any time we communicate with a wide or unfamiliar audience, we should have someone else review it. It doesn't always have to be marketing (and marketing shouldn't be a gatekeeper), but there are some cases where marketing should be proactively reviewing comms:
- Release posts/blog posts (this is already part of the editorial process)
- YouTube videos 
- About site updates 
- Comms related to pricing/packaging changes
- Comms related to feature deprecation 
- Public presentations/events/speaking engagements 
- Anything related to press
- Social (everything should be going through Kristen, so this should be covered)

@amieroth - anything else to add?

Author: Most of these make sense @abschu , just a couple clarifications:

- On posting YouTube videos: we record demos and things like that. Why do these need special review? What's the worry that will happen? It feels to me pretty low risk.
- Can you be more specific on what anything related to press would mean, and social? I assume this doesn't mean no employees can mention Sourcegraph on social media, does it just mean tweeting from the official accounts?
- Lastly, you mentioned it doesn't have to be marketing but marketing should review - assuming it's a typo but just wanted to confirm what the typo was? I'm assuming the second marketing meant "someone". Were you thinking someone like the product directors? Or did you have a set of reviewers in mind?

Author: Here's a proposal, pending feedback on the above.

```suggestion
In general, product team members are empowered to communicate directly with customers and stakeholders. Sometimes it can be helpful to have someone review your communication before sending it, especially if it is going to a wide or unfamiliar audience. If you want, the Marketing and PR teams are available to help any time: simply ask in #marketing and someone will be happy to review your communication.

There are just a few places where a review is required; these should include your product director and someone from the marketing team:

- Release posts/blog posts (review process already includes this, so nothing special to be done here)
- Social media using the official accounts, including YouTube
- Public presentations/events/speaking engagements
- [about.sourcegraph.com](https://about.sourcegraph.com) site updates
- Updates on pricing/packaging changes
- Updates on feature deprecation
- Speaking to press

```

Reviewer: Re: YouTube videos - I think this is similar to social. Given how public YouTube is, I recommend having someone from marketing review. 

@jyavorska - anything related to press would be speaking on behalf of Sourcegraph without looping @amieroth in.

Re: Social, yes - this is posting from the official SG account

Re: General reviews, it does not have to be marketing. But for the content where a review is required, marketing should be reviewing.

Author: Thanks @abschu! I've applied the recommendations, please take a look and let me know if anything looks wrong. In the meantime I'll go ahead and merge this.
